README.md, before:

# search-v2-infrastructure
IaC definitions for GOV.UK Search v2

This repository contains Terraform resource definitions to provision Google Cloud's Vertex AI Agent
Builder Search (also previously known as "Vertex AI Search and Conversation" or "Gen App Builder" or
in the APIs as "Discovery Engine") for use as a search engine for GOV.UK through
[search-api-v2](https://github.com/alphagov/search-api-v2), and to set up a data pipeline for
analytics events to feed into the search engine model.

To that end, the following modules are part of this repository:
- [`terraform/meta`](terraform/meta/): Bootstrap Terraform Cloud project/workspaces, GCP projects,
  and workload federation between the two (applied locally with Terraform Cloud state)
- [`terraform/environment`](terraform/environment/): Set up Discovery Engine resources, service
  accounts and keys, and AWS Secrets Manager secrets consumed by the Kubernetes platform for an
  individual environment for `search-api-v2` (i.e. integration, staging, production)
- [`terraform/modules/google_discovery_engine_restapi`](terraform/modules/google_discovery_engine_restapi/):
  A helper module to abstract deployment of Discovery Engine resources through the REST API provider
  (as there are no first party Terraform resources available in the Google provider yet)

## Working on this repository
The workspace can be run as a [devcontainer](https://containers.dev/), which includes `terraform`
and `gcloud` CLI tooling enabling log in to these providers. This is useful for working on and
applying the [`terraform/meta`](terraform/meta/) module, which is intended to be run locally by an
engineer with the required Google and Terraform Cloud access to bootstrap the initial set of
resources. You can also run plans for other modules locally.

> **Warning**
> Gitignored `.terraform.credentials.d` and `.google.credentials.d` directories are included in the
> repository, which are mounted into the devcontainer's home folder for `terraform login`/`gcloud
> login` to store credentials into (so they persist across container rebuilds). These directories
> will contain sensitive information, so do not stop them being gitignored or force any files within
> to be checked in.

Commit message:

Update to README.md to indicate that this repo has been archived

README.md, after:

# search-v2-infrastructure

> [!CAUTION]
> This repo has been archived as of 20th January 2025 and code has been migrated to [alphagov/govuk-infrastructure](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-infrastructure)

---

### IaC definitions for GOV.UK Search v2

This repository contains Terraform resource definitions to provision Google Cloud's Vertex AI Agent
Builder Search (also previously known as "Vertex AI Search and Conversation" or "Gen App Builder" or
in the APIs as "Discovery Engine") for use as a search engine for GOV.UK through
[search-api-v2](https://github.com/alphagov/search-api-v2), and to set up a data pipeline for
analytics events to feed into the search engine model.

To that end, the following modules are part of this repository:
- [`terraform/meta`](terraform/meta/): Bootstrap Terraform Cloud project/workspaces, GCP projects,
  and workload federation between the two (applied locally with Terraform Cloud state)
- [`terraform/environment`](terraform/environment/): Set up Discovery Engine resources, service
  accounts and keys, and AWS Secrets Manager secrets consumed by the Kubernetes platform for an
  individual environment for `search-api-v2` (i.e. integration, staging, production)
- [`terraform/modules/google_discovery_engine_restapi`](terraform/modules/google_discovery_engine_restapi/):
  A helper module to abstract deployment of Discovery Engine resources through the REST API provider
  (as there are no first party Terraform resources available in the Google provider yet)

## Working on this repository
The workspace can be run as a [devcontainer](https://containers.dev/), which includes `terraform`
and `gcloud` CLI tooling enabling log in to these providers. This is useful for working on and
applying the [`terraform/meta`](terraform/meta/) module, which is intended to be run locally by an
engineer with the required Google and Terraform Cloud access to bootstrap the initial set of
resources. You can also run plans for other modules locally.

> **Warning**
> Gitignored `.terraform.credentials.d` and `.google.credentials.d` directories are included in the
> repository, which are mounted into the devcontainer's home folder for `terraform login`/`gcloud
> login` to store credentials into (so they persist across container rebuilds). These directories
> will contain sensitive information, so do not stop them being gitignored or force any files within
> to be checked in.
