terraform/meta/README.md, before:

# meta
Terraform module to bootstrap Terraform Cloud project/workspaces, GCP projects, and workload
federation between the two.

## Resources
This module sets up the following resources:
- A Terraform Cloud project
- A set of Terraform Cloud workspaces (per environment), with appropriate environment-specific
  variables (based on `environments` set variable)
- A set of GCP projects (per environment)

## Applying this module
This module uses Terraform Cloud for remote state storage, but is intended to be run *locally* by a
user with "interactive" end-user access to both Terraform Cloud and Google Cloud Platform (so as to
not have a chicken-and-egg problem around having to manually create service accounts to manage
meta-resources like service accounts or projects).

### Authentication & configuration
Before you can use this module, you must:
- use `terraform login` to authenticate to Terraform Cloud
- use `gcloud auth application-default login` to authenticate to GCP
- specify values for `google_cloud_folder` and `google_cloud_billing_account` as parameters to
  `terraform` or through a (gitignored) `local.auto.tfvars` file

Commit message:

Modularise `meta` module; refactor env modules
- Refactor `discovery_engine` module into a `full_environment` and
  `dev_environment` module for integration/staging/production and local
  development, respectively (as the latter will need much fewer
  services)
- Refactor environment creation in `meta` module into a child module to
  improve the endless `for_each` scattered everywhere

terraform/meta/README.md, after:

# meta
Terraform module to bootstrap Terraform Cloud project/workspaces, GCP projects, and workload
federation between the two.

## Resources
This module manages the following resources:
- A Terraform Cloud project
- A Terraform Cloud workspace for itself
- For every desired environment (dev, integration, staging, prod), through the `modules/environment`
  child module:
  - A Terraform Cloud workspace to run Terraform from the `terraform_working_directory` folder in
    this repository on VCS merges
  - A GCP project
  - Workload identity federation between the GCP project and Terraform Cloud project
  - A binding to the (existing) Terraform Cloud variable set for AWS access (except for environments
    where `has_deployed_service_in_aws` is false, i.e. dev)

## Applying this module
This module uses Terraform Cloud for remote state storage, but is intended to be run *locally* by a
user with "interactive" end-user access to both Terraform Cloud and Google Cloud Platform (so as to
not have a chicken-and-egg problem around having to manually create service accounts to manage
meta-resources like service accounts or projects).

### Authentication & configuration
Before you can use this module, you must:
- use `terraform login` to authenticate to Terraform Cloud
- use `gcloud auth application-default login` to authenticate to GCP
- specify values for `google_cloud_folder` and `google_cloud_billing_account` as parameters to
  `terraform` or through a (gitignored) `local.auto.tfvars` file
